Add more docs on durable state (#30403)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/typed/persistence.md

> (though actor state snapshot support is also available). The events are persisted by appending to storage (nothing is ever mutated) which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(although actor state snapshot support is available). The events are persisted by appending to storage (nothing is ever mutated) which
```

Author: done ..

allows for very high transaction rates and efficient replication. A stateful actor is recovered by replaying the stored
events to the actor, allowing it to rebuild its state. This can be either the full history of changes

> or starting from a checkpoint in a snapshot which can dramatically reduce recovery times. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or starting from a checkpoint in a snapshot, which can dramatically reduce recovery times. 
```

Author: done ..
